hello my good videos today
dedicated to the great product afsona
the topic did not arise from scratch and I
once heard of wonderful properties
oksanu personally did not experience myself
on his family and now finally
just met my mom
there was severe liver toxicity from
drugs as well as she
very energetic liver turned out
moody and cleaned up poorly even with
using good medicine in this and
Hepatologist advised her to include
food drink from oats and said that
such a capricious liver is now this
drink and her for life but I sure
immediately to the internet what was there about him
written and good
studied and I was pleased with the dossier on oats
it really is a valuable nutritious
drink I hasten to share with you and by the way
we already accept it with the whole family and so
first about the beneficial properties and
made up the composition of oats come in very
valuable components for the body such
as vitamins b6 b one cent to zinc
minerals phosphorus calcium iron magnesium and
gray also contains thiamine
beneficial to the body fats and large
soluble vegetable quantity
fiber which is especially valuable for good
intestinal work nutritional value
oats due to the composition
its grain portion is 18 percent protein 60
percent of carbohydrates and only five
percent of fats with regular
eating oats
normal stool clears intestines
recover its microflora
the process of cleaning the grains are removed bran
and embryos
leaving only the endosperm to them the problem
that in the absence of bran germ
grain loses 25 percent of protein together
with multiple nutrients
substances
hence the most useful
abuses unpolished
see strong grain infusion of oats
gently cleanses the liver; oats composition enters
amino acids that help the liver
produce lecithin which is necessary
for the normalization of metabolic processes
also helps clean the artery walls
against body fat
referred to as sclerotic
Ashkami dissolving them soluble
plant fiber which is located
in all slows down digestion so
way to increase blood sugar
going on for a longer time
some diabetics who
followed a diet with a lot
content
soluble fiber and self use
reduced the dose of drugs and where lunch
oats are gluten free therefore shown
allergy sufferers beta glucans
are all in helping to reduce risk
cardiovascular disease obverse
considered a natural life source
power and energy if you turn it on
daily diet then weight loss
will be
in a natural way without debilitating
diets and starvation cereal contains complex
carbohydrates as complex carbohydrates are known
able to provide slow
energy release during the day
reducing cravings for sweets and snacks with
quick extrusion of energy what
undoubtedly help in losing weight over
contain high amounts of fiber
which reduces the number of
consumed food and increase the period
time between meals
helps prevent constipation and improve
intestinal metabolism that contributes
weight loss of course since he is still
and few calories then it makes it
a great choice for those who follow
behind its figure the grass has a low
glycemic index and that means that
after eating of sunny rises
blood sugar levels and fit traction
to sweet decoction and infusion obtained
oat grains are able to normalize
fat metabolism in the body
thereby accelerating fat burning and
loss of extra pounds of oats is considered
tonic and tonic
it improves and renews the blood
prevent the formation of blood clots when
coronary heart disease and hypertension
increases white blood cell count
normalizes metabolism promotes
enhance immunity ability to
self-cleaning restrain senile
withering and by the way our
many athletes use this
drink
all my life but unfortunately spoon
tar is still present in everything and so
renal contraindications
failure
hypersensitivity to some
components and general intolerance
product
some diseases of the gallbladder
meaning gallstone disease with
this diagnosis is better
consult a doctor as
oats
improves the flow of bile and if the feeder
there is then any moment they will start
move and this is not good and now
actually the recipe itself, I bought oats
in the market where they sell feed we have there
straight write pure oats for the treatment cost
only 120 rubles ten-liter bucket
Can you imagine how many total 120
rubles by the way it is also sold in
pharmacy mom when there bought
but in the pharmacy, of course, there is more expensive somewhere
gram three hundred fifty almost a hundred further
grain and I grind in a coffee grinder not in
dust so that the kernels are separated I
in half you can take two in a blender
tablespoons in a glass of boiling water and
insist in a drink we will night
better in a thermos
in the morning we open the thermos we pour out the drink
press the jug or carafe of grain
Marlechka or sieve and all drink is ready by
about how to drink drink a glass of
times 3-4 times a day
20-30 minutes before a meal is required
drink this drink before meals by the way for
children can cook this broth so
that straight himself wanted to drink his broth
You can add any dried fruits and
get an excellent compost food
drink broth better in the form of heat on this
everything
if you have any questions please write
can someone have their option
write a drink recipe too share
I wish you good health bye